# noted_tele
Uses Angelicxs teleport as a base, but is heavily modified and transformative in nature. Allows Staff to place points which players can interact with to teleport from one location to another acting like an elevator, transport, train, bus, etc.

I'm releasing this a little early, will add some features over time when im less burnt out. I honestly just wanted to get this out there ;-;

This script was modified/made by me, Edward. If I make a tebex I'll probably add a link bellow
My discord username is "not.ex" if you would like to reach out to me for any reason
I say modified, I used Angelicxs Elevator as a base. Will give more credits below 
This is my github: https://github.com/NotedDevelopment

This script uses Angelicxs Elevator as a "jumping off point", aka it was built on top of it. 
The github to the original will be here: https://github.com/GouveiaXS/angelicxs-elevators
Angelicxs Tebex: https://angelicxs.tebex.io/

The differences between Angelicxs Elevator and this script include:

* Removed a lot of compatibility becuase I can't be asked ;-; just use qbox or qbcore with oxlib idk
* Switched from manual distance checking to oxlib points
* Added the ability to customize the display 3dtext that appears for each location
* Added the ability to enable or disable alerting the police when wanted people or those wearing gang apparel Travel
* In addition to the above feature, added the ability for police alert to have a chance at also displaying suspect's name
* Both of the above features are configured to ps-dispatch and ps-mdt, may need some tweaking to work on other systems
* Added the ability to charge money for using certain teleport spots. The price can be charged based on a flat rate or configured based on where the person is teleporting from,  or both. You can also enable or disable a confirmation menu when paying
* Allows you to hide teleport zones from the menu if they're not unlocked (aka if player doesn't have right job or item)
* If there are two seperate teleport spots, players will automatically teleport between the two rather than selecting from a mneu
* You can add a progressbar when attempting to use teleports


How to utelize the config:

Config.ElevatorWaitTime is in charge of how long players will experience being faded out when attempting to use teleports. This number will be in seconds, so 3 = 3 seconds

Config.TeleButton is meant to be a future feature where players can adjust what button allows them to use the elevator while the button that appears is a "default". For now, admins can change what button players use.

This script uses the QBCore export, cringe I know but I'll change it eventually I guess to add compatibility for ESX and direct QBox

Config.DefaultText is the text that will appear for players in the Draw3dText by default

Config.SuspectNameChance is important in the following scenario: If a teleport checks whether a suspect is wanted or not by the police, this setting will roll to see if that individual should be declared by name when identified. So if it fails, it will say "Suspect seen on Transit" vs "John Doe seen on transit".

Config.GangMasks Will have a female and male component. if the player model is female, it will check under the female table. If they are using the male ped, it'll check the male ped tag:

Female: Uses the clothing index of the mask the player may be wearing. If the index is documented, it will then check the number. If the number is documented, it will return the string associated. So for example, if player is wearing Mask 51 with texture 5, it will return the word GSF. 

Male: Same as female, just for male peds


# Config.Floors:

This one is huge. Every value in here will be a teleport location. The name of the hash will also be displayed in the oxlib menu, so be mindful of what you name your variables. If you want spaces, use \[""\]. These will be tables that will contain more information:

 (optional) emptyNotify: If the floor itself doesn't have the variable emptyNotify, then if this elevator is using oxlib points and there are the oxlib menu that would be generated by this teleport spot is empty (which happens if every floor is disabled from lack of job/item requirements and hideOnDisable = true) then it will send this notify to the player instead. 

  
  (optional) thirdEye: If set to true, the elevator will be generated as a third eye point instead of an oxlib point. If set to false, uses oxlib points. By default false

  (optional) copCallChance: The chance that police are called when a player uses this teleport zone if they are wanted or wearing gang apparel. It is out of 1000, so 1000 is always call while 20 is a 2% chance everytime the point is used. By default set to 0

  (optional) emptyNoDisplay: If the oxlib menu generated by attempting to use this oxlib teleport point is empty, then it will not display to the player. by default set to false

  (optional) progressbar: Use oxlib progressbar settings to implement a progressbar before being able to access any of the floors of a given elevator

## (required) floors:

Places floors into the order that you would want them to appear. Do not explicitly index them, this will make them appear out of order. Instead allow for implicit indexing and instead comment their order. Unfortunately, changing the order will require you to make other changes to values like "fares", but this shouldn't be too much of an issue since you probably shouldn't have to fiddle with them too much I'd hope

(required) coords: Vector 3 of the elevators used to access elevator and spawn to point
(required) heading: heading of the player when finishing teleport
(required) level: This will be what appears as the label in your oxlib menus
(optional) label: deceptively the description in the oxlib menu, this was legacy code from Angelicxs Elevator don't haze me ;-; will fix in a future update
(optional) text: The draw3dtext that gets displayed when entering oxlib point
(optional) jobs: A table which will allow you to designate what the job players need at what grade to access elevators. There is more about this in the config's initial comments
(optional) items: What items you need to access a floor, presented as a table of strings and you only need one of the presented items to access it.
(optional) jobAndItem: if set to true, you must have both job and required items to access the elevator
(optional) flatrate: amount to be paid when accessing teleport zone from any location. Will only be applied if someone is teleporting from one zone to the flatrate zone, not from the flatrate zone to other zones
(optional) fares: An array where the number index to a table that represents the place the player is attempting to teleport to. This additional table has the values of an optional "description" to be added to the menu text for flavor, and the "price" which is how much the player will have to pay if they wish to teleport to this new zone. This will stack with flatrate. 
(optional) noConfirm: If true, then the player will not have to confirm their purchase after selecting a zone to teleport to. Set to false by default. 
(optional) noCar: will not allow the player to access the teleport zone if they are in a vehicle. Set to false by default
(optional) hideOnDisable: If true, will hide the option if the player can't teleport to the location. This will also hide the location the player is at by default since the teleport zone the player is at will be disabled by default. 
